hey guys so I'm here to do the seven
deadly sins tag i was tagged by peak
field in lip shock so I'm gonna do it I
always I mean I always want to do attack
but some way I don't know why but I'm
just so scared of them it's like I do it
and then I'm like I want to do it like I
wanted to do the weave a holic one but
it also i'm i'm gonna dance I don't want
that so I didn't do it I would like to
thank every single person for
subscribing to my channel I hit 50,000
subscribers I cannot believe it I mean I
seen it to that today I was like whoa I
have 50,000 subscribers and I'd like to
thank every single person for
subscribing to my channel I really do
appreciate it and I'm have something
coming up for that so thank you Neil I
have two questions right here so I'm
just gonna get into it my elf brush
makeup brushes I see I know a lot of
people say that but this is the most
inexpensive item that I have that it's
like makeup x good for beginners I think
if you're a beginner and you don't want
to spend like freaking two hundred
dollars for a hundred dollars on some
brushes and you don't really know like
exactly what to do these are good
brushes to pack this week and I love it
hey HD foundation which I freaking love
I will always buy this foundation is
color 180 I wear it all the time on
videos people asked me what foundation
I'm wearing and it's this it was 40 it's
forty dollars forty dollars is the most
because it's the most expensive makeup
products I can't get it to here and here
is a different story but makeup is this
foundation
eyelashes no kid not i just started
wearing um eyelashes also have a video
where i purchased some eyelashes the
night i got off ebay into practice with
i got a 40 pair for me like eight
dollars or something like that and you
know i use those to practice with but
people think that i am a pro between all
these suckers but these are freakin oh
they just they get on my nerves like
some days i know i'll put them on fast
and like today i have a pair on they are
really small it took me like 30 minutes
to put these on it it was it'll stick on
then they will come off and then
sometimes it will hurt and these these
if you do if you put them on wrong that
will irritate your eye all day at times
I would just put them on wrong and they
do her but i would say forget it because
i want to wear them I mean eyelashes are
gorgeous on I love the way that makes
the eyes look it makes it makes eyes
just pop but they are just a pain for me
to put these suckers on win
and why eggs milk stick this thing right
here this is so hard to find and my
local VSS it's always out of stock like
every time I go it's always it's mostly
out of stock like this one I have and it
was the last one so I had grabbed it
invited really fast it was color milk
you know it's used this for a base I
guess to put on if you want your
eyeshadow still looks more bright or
whatever to be my lip gloss from
victoria secret it smells like chocolate
mmm it smells like chocolate and it
looks really pretty on is the width
flavor is this double truffle lip gloss
it smells so good it's from victoria
victoria secret um I don't know I guess
people say that I supposed to I don't
know scrub exfoliate my face so we can
take off the dead skin or whatever I
don't do that and I never did it and i
guess i miss a nigga like that I don't
hope
I mean I really don't have one that
gives me confidence because i don't i
don't know I just but i can say when I
have on my eyelashes which which is in a
relationship with but what I have on on
I just think my eyes look more I don't
know it just popped more when I have
these I eyelashes on remember when I was
taking my maternity pictures and I
didn't have no makeup on really I just
had on some eyelashes and the person
that was thinking my pictures was like
oh your makeup is gorgeous I had an eye
lashes in some lip gloss and the person
was like your makeup is really nice and
I and I didn't really have on makeup I
just had eyelashes on a nickel so I like
the guy that is really funny he has to
be funny he cannot be serious I cannot
stand nobody that serious in my life I
too serious and think they know
everything like can't I would just tell
them to I'm just tell him to go
somewhere confident i like someone is
confident spiritual and of course loves
me for me without the hair and all that
makeup just think I'm gorgeous without
it I rather have somebody say you look
gorgeous without it thing with it I
would like to have a sigma brush set I
always go in Sigma dot com and I have I
actually have the brush set in my cart
but never push the buy button because i
don't know i always think oh I have the
elf brushes they will do just fine but i
just want those brushes and just look
I'll not just think maybe they will work
better than will last longer sometimes
the elf brushes stick me so I was
thinking maybe those won't stick me i
don't know but i would like to have a
sigma brush set okay i love it
now that is my tag peak meal thank you
for tagging me and lip shot I would like
to tag everybody all my subbies and and
you can leave a video response to this
video because I would love to see your
tags and I will talk to you guys later
bye